modules: tfm: add option for selecting crypto modules (#35901)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: modules/trusted-firmware-m/CMakeLists.txt

  TFM_PARTITION_AUDIT_LOG
  )

# List of all crypto modules that can be enabled/disabled

> # Name must match start of name found in 'trusted-firmware-m/config/config_default.cmake'

Reviewer: Nit: Specify which names in config_default.cmake:
```suggestion
# Corresponds to the *_MODULE_DISABLED configs in 'trusted-firmware-m/config/config_default.cmake'
```

Author: Sure, can do that.

Author: done @oyvindronningstad, thanks.
